\textbf{Amari West \\ ENGR 216 \\ Section 509 Dr. O}


\begin{center}
\textbf{Industry Night Essay}
\end{center}

On the surface, TechnipFMC appears to be just another petroleum engineering firm; however, their mission goes beyond that. While they do utilize their engineering workforce to discover more efficient ways of extracting oil, they also take many factors into consideration when conducting research. For instance, they are currently developing safe and less invasive ways to extract oil from the depths of the ocean while minimizing environmental impact on marine ecosystems. One of the ways they are accomplishing this is through the usage of their high-pressure/high-temperature full-field subsea solution which they developed in their partnership with Shell. Not only does their technology allow the safe extraction of oil from extreme depths that were previously inaccessible, but it reduces the risks of complications that could lead to oil spills and similar environmental disasters. This new technology which have been in use since early 2019 demonstrates the roles and responsibilities that the firm's engineers undertake.

Moreover, TechnipFMC uses it's well of brilliant minds to branch out into other applications including but not limited to ethylene, polymer research, fertilizers, and even renewable energy. With their broad range of specialties, engineers can be expected to learn trades way beyond of the scope of their college degree. These engineers then apply their newfound knowledge and apply them to new projects for their clients. This is especially important in a day and age when the future of the oil and gas industry is constantly being put into question. So the firm's tendency to encourage their employees to work on new and revolutionary ways to serve clients definitely ensures their long term perseverance.